<!-----

Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts!

Conversion time: 0.328 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β34
* Tue Aug 29 2023 06:17:55 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: Copy of Guided Notes 1-2
----->


**Ideas Help Start a Revolution**

The Big Idea and Why it matters now
* The Big Idea: tensions increased throughout the colonies until the Continental Congress declared independence on July 4th, 1776
* Why it matters now: The declaration of independence continues to inspire and challenge people everywhere.

Second Continental Congress
* Called in May 1775 to debate the colonies next move.________________________________________________________________________. John Adams suggested that each colony set up its own govt and have congress declare them as independant. 
*  In June of 1775 Congress recognized the Minutemen as the Continental Army _______________________________________________________________________________________________. 

Olive Branch Petition
* was a last ditch attempt at avoiding war. many Americans felt loyalty to the king and blamed the violence on the king's ministers.
* it urged a return to the former harmony.
* It was rejected, and the King declared the colonies to be in rebellion.

Common Sense
* A pamphlet in which Thomas Paine attacked King George and said that the bloodshed at Lexington and Concord was on his hands.
* He also said the time had come for the colonists to proclaim an independent republic.

Thomas Jefferson
* a Virginian lawyer; Continental congress appointed a committee that would prepare a formal declaration that would explain their reasons for declaring independence.
* Jefferson was chosen to express the points. 

Declaration of Independence
* The document that explained the colonist's reasons for declaring independence.

* It drew on the works of English philosopher John Locke and dealt with issues of equality, justice, and independence. (Did not address inequality in the colonies ( between different races and sexes. while at the time a revolutionary concept, today would just be a good stepping stone )) 

Patriots
* The supporters of independence

Loyalists
* Supporters of the crown
