<!-----

Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts!

Conversion time: 0.546 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β34
* Wed Aug 30 2023 06:15:15 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: Copy of Unit 1-4
----->


# A New Nation & The Road to Washington’s Presidency 

Big Idea and Why it Matters Now
* Big Idea: Americans adopted the Articles of Confederation but found the new government to be too weak to solve the nation’s problems. 
*  Why it matters now: The reaction to the weak articles of confederation led to a stronger central government that has continued to expand its power 

Republic
* A government in which the citizens rule through their elected representatives  

Republicanism
* The idea that governments should be based on the consent of of the people 

Articles of Confederation
* The first attempt at forming a post-war government, Congress proposed a new type of government in which two levels of government shared fundamental powers. State governments were supreme in some manners, while the national government would be supreme in others.
* Ultimately fails 

Northwest Ordinance of 1787
* Congress provided a procedure for dividing the land into territories. Guaranteed Religious freedom, and barred slavery. 
* Provided a path to statehood: Congress would appoint a territorial governor and judges. At 5,000 voting residents, settlers could write a temporary constitution and elect a local government. At 60,000 free inhabitants, the settlers could write a state constitution, which congress had to approve before it granted statehood. 

# Drafting the Constitution

The Big Idea and Why it Matters
* The Big Idea: At the Philadelphia convention in 1787, delegates rejected the Articles of Confederation and created a new constitution.  
* Why it matters now: The Constitution remains the basis of our government. 

Shays’ Rebellion
* Farmers who were veterans of the revolutionary war returned to their farm in heavy debt and faced debtors' prison. 
* Shays felt he was the victim of too much taxation. Shays led an army of 1200 farmers to force the courts closed. Eventually put down with minimal bloodshed  

Great Compromise
* The middle ground between the Virginia Plan ( Which called for a bicameral or two house legislature based on each state's population ) and the New Jersey plan ( Which proposed a single house congress with each state getting an equal vote )
*  Which offered a two-house congress where each state would have equal representation in the Senate (upper-house) and population size would determine representation in the House of representatives (lower-house) 

3/5ths Compromise
* ⅗ Compromise: called for 3/5 of a state's slave population to be counted as population for both representation and taxation. The convention gave 
* congress the power to regulate trade but prevented it from interfering with the slave trade for at least 20 years. 

Federalism
* Divides power between the national and state government.

Checks and Balances
* Prevents one branch from dominating the others 

Electoral College
* A group of electors chosen by the state would cast ballots for the candidates. 

# Ratifying the Constitution

The Big Idea and Why it Matters
* During the debate on the constitution the federalists promised to add a bill of rights in order to get the constitution ratified. 
* The bill of rights continues to protect ordinary citizens.

Federalists 
*  Supporters of the Constitution

Antifederalist
*  opposed to having a strong central government 

The Bill of Rights
* Codified freedoms to prevent government overreach of of a person’s individual liberties. Was necessary to get the antifederalists on board.