The American Dream is a commonly mocked idea. People often look at the American Dream as patriotic fodder for dads at barbecues, wearing American flag shorts. It is viewed as a relic from a time when America was young, no longer relevant now that America is fully commercialized. This is not an unfounded claim, according to a Wall Street Journal survey, only 64% of Americans believe the American Dream does not "still hold true". They are incorrect though, as the American Dream is definitely still alive and well.

This dream can be seen alive, well, and flourishing, in the *Book of Unknown Americans* by Cristina Henríquez through a few of the characters, with a prime example being Adolfo 'Fito' Angelino. “ I try to make this building like an island for all of us washed ashore refugees. A safe harbor. I don’t let anyone mess with me. If people want to tell me to go home I just turn to them and smile politely and say, ‘I’m already there.’ ”. Despite his unfortunate name, and despite moving to America from Paraguay with only a few hundred dollars, with a dream, he still has achieved what most would consider success. He owns an Apartment building, he is surrounded by a bustling community, and he seems genuinely fulfilled. He is happy in America, and he views it not as a place he lives, but as his home. 


It would be understandable to read that story and think that it was an uncommon one, or a story that was not representative of what was happening for a majority of immigrants, but it may be more common than you think. In the Wallenchinsky essay, which surveyed immigrants, “Most of the surveyed describe themselves as married and having a family. More than 64% say they are employed full time or part-time. Most say they are in reasonably good health and have a satisfying religious or spiritual life. They own a home and at least two cars, and they are able to take vacations. “. Though 64% is much less than 100%, 64% is a *good portion* and while there is definitely some luck involved, a lot of it is work ethic. It is hard to claim that the American Dream is not achievable when 2/3 of immigrants are currently achieving it. 
